once everything was awesome
now everything is okay Lucy I brought
you coffee coffee the bitter liquid that
provides the only semblance of pleasure
left in these dark times oh my gosh Ness
did I interrupt you brooding just now
times have changed you need to change
with them we have to be tough and
battle-ready
Oh
hurry the door is slowly closing
oh the pain its gain so cold
what are you see that wasn't so bad
nothing got in
[Applause]
hang on your fronds planning we're going
[Music]
save your life are you Raptor trainer I
don't get it
we'll help me rescue my friends go
anywhere near that star system it's
ruled by an alien point only the
toughest you're gonna get out of there
alive
I'm the queen whatever I would not be
I'm getting super evil vibes here I
could change my form to something else
if this makes you uncomfortable
hey guys they'll go back the horse was
much more palatable
[Music]
did you draw double dots on your face
who are you I'm your worst nightmare Oh
me when I'm late to school and I forgot
my homework and my pants are made of
pudding no I don't
you